[IMP] Website: GTM integration (#10448)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/reporting/analytics.rst

app, directly through the code injector.

.. warning::

>    - GTM integration is possible in Odoo standard, although some data layers might not be installed
>      (e.g. advanced eCommerce tracking data layers).

Reviewer: What if we said this instead (copied from your explanation); I think by providing a little bit more context and explanations, it makes it easier for people to understand?

```suggestion
   - Some GTM tags use data layers (e.g., advanced eCommerce tracking data layers) to retrieve variables and send them to Google Analytics. Data layers are currently not managed in Odoo. 
```
(I changed it a little bit, just trying to make it as complete as possible while staying as concise as possible; is it still accurate?)

Author: Hi, it seems accurate to me :) !
